<ui:composition template="/secured/layout/layout.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <ui:define name="pageContent">
        <p:panel style="padding-left: 10px; border: none">
            <H4>Quickstart Guide - Use this guide as a quick reference for the applications workflow.</H4>
            <ol>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Add Tournament</b> - A tournament is a single representation of the entire GSSF event that includes
                    all three (3) competitions. For example, the name of your tournament could be named "GSSF Summer Tournament".
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Add Competition</b> - A tournament event is represented by competitions.  GSSF Indoor tournaments will
                    be composed of three (3) competitions. For example, the name of your competition could be "GSSF Summer Shoot 1",
                    "GSSF Summer Shoot 2", and "GSSF Summer Shoot 3" respectively.
                    <b>Only create competitions when you are ready to register competitors and scoring.</b>
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Add Competitor</b> - Add <b>NEW</b> competitors.  You will only have to this once for each new competitor to your events.
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Register Competitor</b> - Register your competitor to the competition. You may use the drop down menu <b>OR</b> type the first few
                    characters of the competitors name for a lookup functionality.
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Scoring->GSSF Scoresheet</b> - Use this page to input, download GSSF scoresheets, and save competitor score entry.
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Scoring->Update Scores</b> - Use this page if you want to delete a competitors score entry that was saved incorrectly. Select
                    the competition and division of the entry you want to delete.  Then select the radio button of that entry to highlight
                    the row, and click on the <b>Trash Can ICON</b>.
                </li>
                <li style="padding: 10px 0px;">
                    <b>Results->View GSSF Scores</b> - Scores can be viewed in <b>Real Time</b> as they are being inputted for each competition.  The "Averaged Scores"
                    button will only be enabled once you have at leaset <b>TWO</b>(2) competitions created with scores. Once this button
                    is enabled, you may view the current tournament averaged competitor scores and standings.
                </li>
            </ol>
        </p:panel>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>